yang operation text (#35)
IETF-OPSAWG-WG/draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis: draft-opsarea-rfc5706bis.md

     the L3VPN Service Model (L3SM) {{?RFC8299}} and the L2VPN Service Model (L2SM)
     {{?RFC8499}}.

>   A common challenge in YANG model development lies in defining the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A common challenge in YANG data model development lies in defining the
```

Reviewer 2: Do we want to limit it to data model here?  We're starting to expand to info models, too.  Maybe data and information model development?

Reviewer: I'm afraid DM makes more sense for this specific text proposal as the text reasons about "common xxx". We don't have sufficient practice for YANG-based IMs.

If we extend to IMs, then we need to revisit the full sentence.

  relationships between abstract service or network constructs and the
  underlying device models. Therefore, when designing YANG modules, it
  is important to go beyond simply modeling configuration and
  operational data (i.e., leaf nodes), and also consider how the
  status and relationships of abstract or distributed constructs can
  be reflected based on parameters available in the network.

  For example, the status of a service may depend on the operational state
  of multiple network elements to which the service is attached. In such

>   cases, the YANG model (and its accompanying documentation) should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  cases, the YANG data model (and its accompanying documentation) should
```

  clearly describe how service-level status is derived from underlying
  device-level information. Similarly, it is beneficial to define

>   notifications or events that signal changes in these underlying states,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  events (and notifications) that trigger signaling changes in an underlying state,
```

Reviewer 2: I think your suggested changes don't convey the same meaning as the original text.  Maybe:

> events (and notifications) that indicate changes in an underlying state

Reviewer: @xorrkaz, yes as I wanted to insist on the triggered signals. Reworded to cover both aspects. Please check.

Reviewer 2: Your new change reads better to me.
